c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Voltpad.exe
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Voltpad.pdb
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.AvalonEdit.dll
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.AvalonEdit.xml
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.pdb
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.xml
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\Voltpad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\Voltpad_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\Voltpad.g.resources
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\Voltpad.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\Voltpad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\Voltpad.exe
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\obj\x86\Debug\Voltpad.pdb
c:\users\aridfish\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Voltpad\Voltpad\bin\Debug\Voltpad.exe.config
